README.md, before:

# How to setup Elm Development environment

## Install Elm

Install Elm using asdf.

```
$ asdf plugin add elm
$ asdf list all elm # List available versions of Elm.
$ asdf install elm <version>
$ asdf local elm <version>
```

## Run HelloWorld

### Init Project

Execute the following command to create an Elm project.

```
$ elm init
```

### Create HelloWorld Program

Create a new file named Main.elm with the following content in the src directory.

```elm
module Main exposing (..)

import Html exposing (text)

main =
    text "Hello, World!"
```

Execute the following command to compile Main.elm.

```
elm make src/Main.elm --output=main.js
```

Create an index.html file with the following content to embed the compiled main.js file into HTML.

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
    <title>My Elm App</title>
</head>
<body>
    <div id="elm-root"></div>
    <script src="main.js"></script>
    <script>
        var app = Elm.Main.init({
            node: document.getElementById('elm-root')
        });
    </script>
</body>
</html>
```

### Start Dev Server with elm-live

We will use `elm-live` to launch the development server and run HelloWorld. elm-live allows for more efficient development as it possesses a hot-reloading feature that the standard `elm-reactor` does not have. Install elm-live with the following command. 

```
$ npm install --global elm-live
```

After installation, execute the following command to launch the development server.

```
$ elm-live src/Main.elm --start-page=index.html -- --output=main.js
```

Please confirm that the server is running at localhost:8000 and that "HelloWorld" is being displayed.

Commit message:

README.md: add elm-format info

README.md, after:

# How to setup Elm Development environment

## Install Elm

Install Elm using asdf.

```
$ asdf plugin add elm
$ asdf list all elm # List available versions of Elm.
$ asdf install elm <version>
$ asdf local elm <version>
```

## Run HelloWorld

### Init Project

Execute the following command to create an Elm project.

```
$ elm init
```

### Create HelloWorld Program

Create a new file named Main.elm with the following content in the src directory.

```elm
module Main exposing (..)

import Html exposing (text)

main =
    text "Hello, World!"
```

Execute the following command to compile Main.elm.

```
elm make src/Main.elm --output=main.js
```

Create an index.html file with the following content to embed the compiled main.js file into HTML.

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
    <title>My Elm App</title>
</head>
<body>
    <div id="elm-root"></div>
    <script src="main.js"></script>
    <script>
        var app = Elm.Main.init({
            node: document.getElementById('elm-root')
        });
    </script>
</body>
</html>
```

### Start Dev Server with elm-live

We will use `elm-live` to launch the development server and run HelloWorld. elm-live allows for more efficient development as it possesses a hot-reloading feature that the standard `elm-reactor` does not have. Install elm-live with the following command.

```
$ npm install --global elm-live
```

After installation, execute the following command to launch the development server.

```
$ elm-live src/Main.elm --start-page=index.html -- --output=main.js
```

Please confirm that the server is running at localhost:8000 and that "HelloWorld" is being displayed.

### Auto formatting with elm-format

Set up to automatically format elm source file using elm-format in VSCode when saving. Execute the following command to install elm-format.

```
$ npm install -g elm-format
```

Install [Elm Plugin for Visual Studio Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Elmtooling.elm-ls-vscode) and add the following configuration to the VSCode settings file.

```
"[elm]": {
    "editor.formatOnSave": true
},
```
